these waters may not support the
diversity found in coral reefs but they
boast a far greater volume of animals
and a lot of fish means a lot of fish
eaters
dusky dolphins off the coast of kaikoura
in New Zealand's South Island are so
well fed that they conform super pods a
thousand strong
after their epic journey from the
tropics the young bull sperm whales have
finally made sperm whales dive deeper
than any other way
they're drawn here by the fabulous
wealth of deep-sea creatures even the
giant squid that lurk in the depths of a
vast underwater Canyon
to dive so deep and remain there for
over an hour
whales must spend around 10 minutes
filling their lungs and blood with
oxygen much to the interest of the
passing fur seal
these young bulls will now spend another
15 years bulking up in the nutrient-rich
seas
only when they have become 30-ton Giants
were the largest predators on earth
finally returned to the tropics to
compete for a mate